I can now reveal the only couple with a
guaranteed place in next week's grand
final is
Alicia
slowness in singing the world is
I do have to say the professional
dancers on this program are
extraordinary to bring to guys like this
from nothing to this standard his
extraordinary and those two dancers they
just dance were brilliant
but I'm going to have to make decision
obviously and I'm saving Matt and London
I've never been in this dramatically
difficult position before but based on
that last dance the power that I saw the
night belongs to Jeff Anarkali I want to
preempt this by saying how these two
guys what credit you've been to this
show you've been gentleman sport your
sportsmanship has been incredible in
real class paths I have to make a
decision and based on what I saw tonight
I have to say matter
one too much
a peg Gosselin has the casting vote
whichever couple he now chooses will be
staying in the competition I admire both
of these couples so much I think they've
given so much to this show and it is
really difficult to take away all
thoughts of what we've seen in the past
what our expectations are for next
week's final just watching those two
dances I have to go with Matt and Flavio
if someone if someone had told you
someone have told you four months ago
that you will be in the semi-final and
so close to being in the final there's
no mistake about this this is so very
very close we've never had such a crazy
situation what best mate said the same
before tonight you know he said I never
thought you get past week to say thank
you for kissing it's been absolutely
amazing to work with and you are leaving
a down